Handbook editor pass - Engineering (#5134)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/engineering.md

### Goals
At Fleet, our primary quality objectives are *customer service* and *defect reduction*. This entails Key Performance Indicators such as customer response time and the number of bugs resolved per cycle and:

> - become familiar with and stay abreast of what our community wants and the problems they're having.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Customer response time.
- The number of bugs resolved per release cycle.
- Stay abreast of what our community wants and the problems they're having.
```

> - make people feel heard and understood.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make people feel heard and understood.
```

> - celebrate contributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Celebrate contributions.
```

> - triage bugs, identify community feature requests, community pull requests, and community questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Triage bugs, identify community feature requests, community pull requests, and community questions.
```

### How?

> - No matter what, folks who post a new comment in Slack or issue in GitHub get a **response** from the on-call engineer within 1 business day. The response doesn't need to include an immediate answer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Folks who post a new comment in Slack or issue on GitHub **must** receive a response from the on-call engineer **within 1 business day**. The response doesn't need to include an immediate answer.
```

### How?

- Folks who post a new comment in Slack or issue on GitHub **must** receive a response from the on-call engineer **within 1 business day**. The response doesn't need to include an immediate answer.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- The on-call engineer can discuss any items that require assistance at the end of the daily standup. They are also requested to attend the "Customer experience standup" where they can bring questions and stay abreast of what's happening with our customers.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- If you do not understand a question or comment raised, [request more details](#requesting-more-details) to best understand the next steps.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Sources

> There are four sources where the on-call engineer should monitor for activity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are four sources that the on-call engineer should monitor for activity:
```

1. Customer Slack channels - Found under the "Connections" section in Slack. These channels are usually titled "at-insert-customer-name-here."

2. Community chatroom - https://osquery.slack.com, #fleet channel

> 3. Reported bugs - [GitHub issues with the "bug" and ":reproduce" label](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Abug+label%3A%3Areproduce). Please remove the ":reproduce" labels after you've followed up on the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Reported bugs - [GitHub issues with the "bug" and ":reproduce" label](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Abug+label%3A%3Areproduce). Please remove the ":reproduce" label after you've followed up in the issue.
```

Reviewer: @Desmi-Dizney My understanding is that this is referring to removing the label after the on-call engineer has responded/followed up "in" the issue.
